Hello, everyone.
I am Merve Özkaynak.
Welcome to my channel.
On this video, I will talk about
a recipe for a lip peeling...
...that you can make easily at home
which is good for chaps.
First, let's start with
ingredients.
First and most important
ingredient is sugar.
I used brown sugar. But you
can use white sugar too.
Olive oil, it'd better to use
extra-virgin olive oil.
Honey and lastly, a small bowl
for mixing.
Including the main ingredients, if
you want your peeling to be...
...colourful and scented, you can
use the aromas...
...which are used while baking cakes
and food colouring.
Let's start, then.
We start with the first and most
important ingredient.
Of course, sugar.
We take one spoon of sugar
on our bowl.
I used brown sugar, if you want
a colourful lip peeling...
...it'd better to use
white sugar.
Second ingredient is olive oil.
We don't want a too-oily
texture for this peeling.
So I recommend adding the
oil slowly.
Like this...
Less than a tea spoon
of olive oil.
Let's mix them first.
Because the texture we want
is like a little moistured sand...
...and not too oily.
If we don't like the texture,
and it becomes oily, we add sugar.
And if it's too dry, we
can add more olive oil.
Now we mix it slowly.
And now, we add honey.
Again, half a tea spoon.
I think this would be enough.
We need to mix them pretty good
so that the olive oil...
...and honey blend.
You know, honey has a
moisturizing effect.
Since I use this lip peeling
often, I could easily...
...estimate the proportions.
But if you are doing this for the
first time put a little olive oil...
...and honey because we don't want
to have a paste-like texture.
Just like a little
moisturized sand...
...you need to see
pieces of sugar.
You can start with small
amounts.
I repeat, if you make it too oily,
you need to add sugar.
And if it's too dry, you can add
small amount of honey and olive oil.
But the texture that we want
is this fragmentary texture.
Now, I start applying it.
While applying it, we take enough
peeling on our middle finger.
And without pressing too hard,
we massage our lips.
The thing you need to watch
out for is to rasp.
Because our goal is to get
the dead tissue there.
If your lips are dryer than normal
and about to bleed...
...I don't recommend this
peeling application.
At this point, what you need to do
is to get a healing ointment...
...which are sold at
the pharmacies.
After applying the peeling...
...it's important to moisturize
your lips.
Don't forget to apply a lip
moisturizer that you like...
...right after the peeling.
If you want to gift this home-made
peeling to your friends...
...you can use this kind of aromas
which are used on bakeries...
...or this food colouring.
I will use this on
brown sugar.
Of course, you can get a better
result with white sugar.
I think even one drop
would be enough.
Now, let's start mixing them.
Even in the brown sugar
we had a cherry colour.
I believe it'd make a red or
pink tone on white sugar.
You can also gift this scented
colourful lip peeling you made...
...with this cute bottles to your
loved ones and friends.
Thank you very much
for watching.
If you liked my video, please
don't forget to share it on...
...your social accounts.
If you are new to my channel, please
subscribe for my makeup...
...style and shopping videos.
See you in the new
videos, bye!